thus says the Lord to his anointed to
thus says the Lord to his anointed to Cyrus whose right hand I have held to
Cyrus whose right hand I have held to
Cyrus whose right hand I have held to subdue nations before him and loosed the
subdue nations before him and loosed the
subdue nations before him and loosed the armor of Kings to open before him the
armor of Kings to open before him the
armor of Kings to open before him the double doors so that the gates will not
double doors so that the gates will not
double doors so that the gates will not be shut I will go before you and make
be shut I will go before you and make
be shut I will go before you and make the crooked places straight I will break
the crooked places straight I will break
the crooked places straight I will break in pieces the gates of wrongs and cuts
in pieces the gates of wrongs and cuts
in pieces the gates of wrongs and cuts the bars of iron I will give you the
the bars of iron I will give you the
the bars of iron I will give you the treasures of darkness and hidden riches
treasures of darkness and hidden riches
treasures of darkness and hidden riches of secret places that you may know that
of secret places that you may know that
of secret places that you may know that I the Lord will call you by your name
I the Lord will call you by your name
I the Lord will call you by your name and the God of Israel for Jacob My
and the God of Israel for Jacob My
and the God of Israel for Jacob My servants sake and Israel my elect I have
servants sake and Israel my elect I have
servants sake and Israel my elect I have even called you by your name I have
even called you by your name I have
even called you by your name I have named you though you have not known me I
named you though you have not known me I
named you though you have not known me I am the Lord and there is no other there
am the Lord and there is no other there
am the Lord and there is no other there is no God besides me I will guide you
is no God besides me I will guide you
is no God besides me I will guide you though you have not known me that they
though you have not known me that they
though you have not known me that they may know from the rising of the Sun to
may know from the rising of the Sun to
may know from the rising of the Sun to its setting that there is none besides
its setting that there is none besides
its setting that there is none besides me I am the Lord and there is no other i
me I am the Lord and there is no other i
me I am the Lord and there is no other i form the light and create darkness I
form the light and create darkness I
form the light and create darkness I make peace and create calamity I the
make peace and create calamity I the
make peace and create calamity I the LORD do all these things rain down new
LORD do all these things rain down new
LORD do all these things rain down new heavens from above and let the skies
heavens from above and let the skies
heavens from above and let the skies pour down righteousness let the earth
pour down righteousness let the earth
pour down righteousness let the earth open let them bring forth salvation and
open let them bring forth salvation and
open let them bring forth salvation and let righteousness spring up together i
let righteousness spring up together i
let righteousness spring up together i the lord have created it woe to him who
the lord have created it woe to him who
the lord have created it woe to him who strives with his maker
strives with his maker
strives with his maker let the potsherd strive with the
let the potsherd strive with the
let the potsherd strive with the potsherds of the earth shall the clay
potsherds of the earth shall the clay
potsherds of the earth shall the clay say to him who forms it what are you
say to him who forms it what are you
say to him who forms it what are you making
making
making or shall your handiwork say he has no
or shall your handiwork say he has no
or shall your handiwork say he has no hands woe to him who says to his father
hands woe to him who says to his father
hands woe to him who says to his father what are you be getting or to the woman
what are you be getting or to the woman
what are you be getting or to the woman what have you brought forth thus says
what have you brought forth thus says
what have you brought forth thus says the Lord the Holy One of Israel and his
the Lord the Holy One of Israel and his
the Lord the Holy One of Israel and his maker ask me of things to come
maker ask me of things to come
maker ask me of things to come concerning my son's and concerning the
concerning my son's and concerning the
concerning my son's and concerning the work of my hands you command me
work of my hands you command me
work of my hands you command me I have made the earth and created man on
I have made the earth and created man on
I have made the earth and created man on it I my hands stretched out the heavens
it I my hands stretched out the heavens
it I my hands stretched out the heavens and all their hosts I have commanded I
and all their hosts I have commanded I
and all their hosts I have commanded I have raised him up in righteousness and
have raised him up in righteousness and
have raised him up in righteousness and I will direct all his ways he shall
I will direct all his ways he shall
I will direct all his ways he shall build my city and let my x Isles go free
build my city and let my x Isles go free
build my city and let my x Isles go free not for price nor reward thus says the
not for price nor reward thus says the
not for price nor reward thus says the Lord the labor of Egypt and merchandise
Lord the labor of Egypt and merchandise
Lord the labor of Egypt and merchandise of cush and of the sabaeans men of
of cush and of the sabaeans men of
of cush and of the sabaeans men of stature shall come over to you and they
stature shall come over to you and they
stature shall come over to you and they shall be yours they shall walk behind
shall be yours they shall walk behind
shall be yours they shall walk behind you they shall come over in Chains and
you they shall come over in Chains and
you they shall come over in Chains and they shall bow down to you they will
they shall bow down to you they will
they shall bow down to you they will make supplication to you saying surely
make supplication to you saying surely
make supplication to you saying surely God is in you and there is no other
God is in you and there is no other
God is in you and there is no other there is no other God truly you are God
there is no other God truly you are God
there is no other God truly you are God who hide yourself
who hide yourself
who hide yourself o God of Israel the Savior they shall be
o God of Israel the Savior they shall be
o God of Israel the Savior they shall be ashamed and also disgraced all of them
ashamed and also disgraced all of them
ashamed and also disgraced all of them they shall go in confusion together who
they shall go in confusion together who
they shall go in confusion together who are makers of idols but Israel shall be
are makers of idols but Israel shall be
are makers of idols but Israel shall be saved by the Lord with an everlasting
saved by the Lord with an everlasting
saved by the Lord with an everlasting salvation you shall not be ashamed or
salvation you shall not be ashamed or
salvation you shall not be ashamed or disgraced for ever and ever
disgraced for ever and ever
disgraced for ever and ever for thus says the Lord who created the
for thus says the Lord who created the
for thus says the Lord who created the heavens who is God who formed the earth
heavens who is God who formed the earth
heavens who is God who formed the earth and made it who has established it who
and made it who has established it who
and made it who has established it who did not create it in vain who formed it
did not create it in vain who formed it
did not create it in vain who formed it to be inhabited I am
to be inhabited I am
to be inhabited I am and there is no other I have not spoken
and there is no other I have not spoken
and there is no other I have not spoken in secret in a dark place of the earth I
in secret in a dark place of the earth I
in secret in a dark place of the earth I did not say to the seed of Jacob seek me
did not say to the seed of Jacob seek me
did not say to the seed of Jacob seek me in vain I the Lord speak righteousness
in vain I the Lord speak righteousness
in vain I the Lord speak righteousness I declare things that are right assemble
I declare things that are right assemble
I declare things that are right assemble yourselves and come draw near together
yourselves and come draw near together
yourselves and come draw near together you who have escaped from the nation's
you who have escaped from the nation's
you who have escaped from the nation's they have no knowledge who carry the
they have no knowledge who carry the
they have no knowledge who carry the word of their carved image and pray to a
word of their carved image and pray to a
word of their carved image and pray to a god that cannot save tell and bring
god that cannot save tell and bring
god that cannot save tell and bring forth your case yes let them take
forth your case yes let them take
forth your case yes let them take counsel together who has declared this
counsel together who has declared this
counsel together who has declared this from ancient time who has told it from
from ancient time who has told it from
from ancient time who has told it from that time have not I the Lord and there
that time have not I the Lord and there
that time have not I the Lord and there is no other God besides me a just God
is no other God besides me a just God
is no other God besides me a just God and a savior there is none besides me
and a savior there is none besides me
and a savior there is none besides me look to me and be saved all you ends of
look to me and be saved all you ends of
look to me and be saved all you ends of the earth for I am God and there is no
the earth for I am God and there is no
the earth for I am God and there is no other I have swarmed by myself the word
other I have swarmed by myself the word
other I have swarmed by myself the word has gone out of my mouth in
has gone out of my mouth in
has gone out of my mouth in righteousness and shall not return that
righteousness and shall not return that
righteousness and shall not return that to me every knee shall bow every tongue
to me every knee shall bow every tongue
to me every knee shall bow every tongue shall take an oath he shall say surely
shall take an oath he shall say surely
shall take an oath he shall say surely in the Lord I have righteousness and
in the Lord I have righteousness and
in the Lord I have righteousness and strength to him men shall come and all
strength to him men shall come and all
strength to him men shall come and all shall be ashamed who are incensed
shall be ashamed who are incensed
shall be ashamed who are incensed against him in the Lord all the
against him in the Lord all the
against him in the Lord all the descendants of Israel shall be justified
descendants of Israel shall be justified
descendants of Israel shall be justified and shalt glory